So welcome to this week.
Last week, we talked about like the theory
of programming and computer science,
and the macarena and
all that kind of stuff, and that's cool.
But now,
we're going to start writing programming,
writing programs using Python.
And one of the things we're trying to
encourage you to do is install Python and
run it, because sooner or later,
you are going to have to do that, right?
You're going to have to install it and
run it, we got a bunch of videos.
But in courses one and courses two,
you don't actually have do that.
Now, we know that some people are using
iPads, or Chromebooks, or something else,
and you can't install Python, or
maybe you're at a school
that can't install Python.
So it's great that you
can write Python programs
using software we've
provided in the browser.
And we have this Python playground,
and so as you go through the course,
you'll find assignments
that you have to do.
But what this is, is this is an ungraded
assignment, Python Code Playground.
And so it's launched externally using
a technology called learning tools
interoperability, so
it's going to pop this open in a new tab.
So you see that it's in a new tab, right?
And it's called a Python Code Playground.
Now, this is kind of like the autograder
except it has no expectations, and
you can write any code that you want,
okay?
And so let me hit the reset code button.
And you can always go back
to the default code, and
this is the code that's there for you.
And if I want to run it, I can just
say go ahead and run this code, right?
And so the code runs, and
the output's over here.
So it actually ran the Python,
and the code came out over here.
Now this is a file, this is chapter seven,
it's even from course two.
So the default code here is probably
not what you want to play with.
You can play with something like print,
play, exclamation
point, and run that, and so runs the code
and then your output comes here.
Now, there are three files which is later
chapter seven and later that you can use.
These are the sample files that we used
throughout a lot of these assignments in
the book, and where you go.
And so you can do whatever you want,
here, it's not being graded.
There's no grade being sent back
to Coursera, and so, away you go.
And if you're writing Python on
your laptop or your computer,
you're way better to just learn
how to do Python there, and
then paste the code into
the autograders later.
But if you have no access whatsoever,
that's why we give you
the Python Playground.
If you want to do this in Python 2,
because the course has taught in Python 3,
there's a little button down here
that says switch to Python 2.
And so,
you can run Python 2 code in here as well.
You know Python 2, and the first ten weeks
of the class, you can actually switch
back and forth between submitting your
assignments in Python 3 and Python 2.
But in this case, now, the other thing
that's cool about this, is that you're not
going to see this button, you're not
going to see any of those buttons.
This views student code allows our
teaching staff to take a look at your
code, and so we don't allow you
to paste code into the forums.
So what you can do is you can ask for
help in the forums, and
the teaching staff can go in and
view the student code.
Type in your name or email, and
then find the code that you last put in.
So you can put something in here,
and get some help on it.
The teaching assistant can see your
entire code, they can run your code,
they can do all kinds of things.
And so it's a great way to communicate
with the teaching assistant.
You sort of leave your
code in the playground.
You ask the teaching assistant, and
then they go take a look at your code, and
give you some answers.
When you're all done, you simply press
done, and we're back to week two.
But like I said, I really would personally
prefer that you build the skills in
running Python on your
laptop as quick as possible.
But if that's not practical for
you, then that's why we have the Python
playground here in courses one and two.